[commerce-sdk-react] Bug Fix Cookie expires time (@W-16626227@) (#1994)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/commerce-sdk-react/CHANGELOG.md

## v3.0.1 (Sep 03, 2024)

> - Fix Cookie `expires` time [#1994](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/1994)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the `expires` flag of the cookie was mistakenly set using days instead of the correct unit, seconds. [#1994](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/1994)
```
